feat(tokenholder): Updates to tokenholder section and Understanding UMA (#289)
UMAprotocol/docs: docs/community/superUMAns.md

sidebar_label: SuperUMAns
---

The core mission of the SuperUMAns is to communicate the potential of universal access to markets and its benefits to the world. The SuperUMAns launched the SuperUMAn DAO to support this mission and increase the adoption of UMA products while following its own path of decentralization.

> ## What is a SuperUMAns?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What is a SuperUMAn?
```

> SuperUMAns establish and maintain a community to explore and expand the potential of UMA. The unique value proposition of UMA is a platform that can turn any metric into a trustless financial contract, and it is the mission of the SuperUMAns to communicate the potential of that proposition to the world, including by motivating and incentivizing other communities on and off chain to work together towards common goals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SuperUMAns establish and maintain a community to explore and expand the potential of UMA. The unique value proposition of UMA is a platform that can turn any metric into a trustless web3 smart contract, and it is the mission of the SuperUMAns to communicate the potential of that proposition to the world.
```

> While the UMA engineers work to improve the effectiveness of the tools, it is the purpose of the SuperUMAn DAO to build the knowledge, skills, and culture to facilitate trustless financial instruments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the UMA engineers work to improve the effectiveness of the tools, it is the purpose of the SuperUMAn DAO to build the knowledge, skills, and culture to facilitate the creation of trustless web3 instruments.
```
